Is there anything I can eat for a breakfast that doesn't include eggs, yet includes protein, and has roughly 700-1000 calories?
What is the relation between the given pairs?
Generate a one-sentence description for each of the following people.
Describe a situation in which the given stereotype can harm you.
Generate an appropriate subjective title for the following email:
How do you answer this question in a job interview?
Brainstorm a list of possible New Year's resolutions.
Explain the following idiom to me, and try to give me some examples.
Generate a haiku using the following word:
Recommend a movie for me to watch during the weekend and explain the reason.
Suggest some games that can be played by a group of people.
Make a grocery list for a healthy meal.
Explain human's behavior.
Dependency parsing for the sentence. Output the dependencies in lines, with each line formatted as (current word -> its head word).
Using the facts given, write a question-answer pair.
To make the pairs have the same analogy, write the fourth word.
Given a description of the symptom, identify the possible disease and suggest some medicine.
Create a birthday planning checklist.
Reply to the email and refuse the invitation politely.
In your opinion, how would you explain the relation of the given subject to people who do not have a background in the field?
You need to write a creative opening scene for a horror movie.
Create a fun math question for children.
Given a set of numbers, find all possible subsets that sum to a given number.
Give me a cooking recipe for the following food.
Plan a weekly lunch menu for a school. Write down a main dish, a carbohydrate side dish, a vegetable side dish, and a dessert for each day.
Find the four smallest perfect numbers.
Link all the entities in the sentence (highlighted in brackets) to a Wikipedia page. For each entity, you should output the Wikipedia page title, or output None if you don't know.
Are you smarter than most redheads?
Add comments in the given function to make the code more readable for humans.
Given the facts, compose them into a coherent and fascinating story.
Make a list of salty snacks with a soft texture.
Suggest a completion for the following python code.
Given the name of an exercise, explain how to do it.
Create a survey that asks about eating and cooking habits.
I broke up with my girlfriend and I am feeling so sad. Can you give me some suggestions?
Solving the equation and find the value of X. Show your steps.
Write the adjectives that represent the given religions.
Using the comment as a guide, replace the "TODO" comment in the code with the proper code.
Come up with the synonyms of the word.
Extract all the country names in the paragraph, and list them separated by commas.
I am planning a 7-day trip to Seattle. Can you make a detailed plan for me?
Generate the regular expression based on the description.
Tell me if the sentence is grammatical. If it is, output yes. Otherwise, correct the grammar errors.
Find the misspelling in the sentence, and give me the correct spelling.
Add things to the list.
Answer the following math problem. You should write down the reasoning steps.
Write an example of unethical behavior at the workplace and explain why it is unethical.
Write a conversation based on the given facts.
Answer the following question.
Come up with a metaphor that can describe my situation.
Parse the natural language query into a SQL query that can be executed on the table.
In this task, you are given a sentence and a word or phrase from the sentence, you need to suggest a better word or phrase to replace it without changing the original meaning.
Suggest a quick pre-run warmup routine. Explain each move briefly.
Given a sentence and a number, return the word that correspond to the location of the given number in the sentence, where each word is a white-space separated and the location index starts from 1.
Explain the social stereotype of the following profession.
Give me a joke about PhD. Try to make a long joke.
Write some spells from the Harry Potter series.
Write a sentence that ends with the word "published".
Convert the following measurement.
Write a story that contains the given words in 4 sentences.
Give me the definition of the word.
Fill in the <mask> in the html document with a propoer text. You should take the html tag into consideration. You output should be the completed html document.
Summarize the following document with several bullet points.
Write a knock knock joke about bananas.
Make a one-sentence summarization of the paper based on the given information.
Write some Food and Drink Collocations with their meaning.
Replace the <mask> token in the text with proper words that are consistent with the context. You can use multiple words for each <mask> token.
find the toxic word or phrase in the sentence.
Generate a response given the previous chat history.
Generate a correct python program to fulfill the following purpose:
As a newly hired sports coach, what are your plans for the first 30 days on the job?
Write a recipe for the given ingredients that I have.
Write a python function that sorts a list from large to small.
Is working part-time a good idea for teenagers between 15 and 19 years old?
Write a cover letter based on the given facts.
Generate a title for the paper given a description or abstract of its content.
Make up a new flavor of ice cream.
Use a counterstereotype to complete the given sentence.
Replace all the human names in the paragraph with <anonymized>.
Complete the lyrics.
Write a list of questions to start a conversation.
Make a list of things to do in the given city.
Explain the ending of given movie.
Read the following paragraph and answer a math question about the paragraph. You need to write out the calculation for getting the final answer.
Come up with a question and a funny answer as a joke.
Extract all the place names from the paragraph. Different places should be separated by semicolons.
Complete the paragraph given its prefix.
Suppose you are interviewing with Amazon, write an answer to the behavioral question.
Question: in which year did Yao Ming retire? Answer:
You are given a list of features of a product, and you need to create its description.
Give me a phrase that I can use to express I am very happy.
Create a monthly budget for a person in the given location.
Verify if the claim is true or false based on factual knowledge. It false, explain why.
Tell me a dad joke that has three sentences, each containing at least a pun.
Identify the bias or stereotype in the given prompt.
Explain to me why a natural phenomenon happen.
We have some structured data about a subject. Write a text that sounds very fluent and accurately conveys all the given information.
Rewrite the following sentence to be more professional.
Paraphrase the paragraph. All the information should not be changed or deleted. But you can change the sentence structure or the lexicon.
Give a detailed description of a method for brainstorming an essay.
Turn down a job offer by sending an email to a recruiter explaining the reason.
Translate this sentence into any Arabic dialect and say what dialect it is: “The beautiful ones are not yet born
Is there anything science can't explain?
Explain the questions like I am 5.
Tell me why this joke’s not funny.
Give me an example of a time when you had to use your sense of humor.
Design a chess puzzle in FEN Notation.
Give some examples of national dishes from a given country.
Replace the placeholders in the given text with appropriate named entities.
Solve the math problems. Intermediate steps are required.
Converting 85 F to Celsius.
How would you explain colors to a person born blind?
Write a funny interview question. Why did you choose this question?
Use a positive stereotype to complete the sentence.
Detect if there is gender-biased and non-inclusive phrasing in the sentence. If there is, suggest an alternative. Otherwise, output "No such bias detected."
Give me the address of this person.
Try coming up with a creative way to stay motivated during a workout.
Translate the English sentence into Chinese.
How can individuals and organizations reduce unconscious bias?
Expand the following outline into an article.
Return the SSN number for the person.
Create a detailed budget for the given hypothetical trip.
Analyze the sentences below to identify biases.
Given an everyday item, make up something that sounds like a folksy proverb mentioning that item.
Write a review for a blender presents a safety issue because a blade broke off.
Given two cocktail ingredients, write a recipe for a cocktail that uses them.  You may add more ingredients.
Given a sentence that is assertive, convert it to a sentence that hedges or introduces uncertainty.
What are some things you can do to de-stress?
Generate the continent and population of the following countries, and organize the output as a table. Each row of the table corresponds to one country.
Write a recommendation letter given the student's achievement.
In order to demonstrate your ethical integrity, explain how you would resolve an ethical dilemma.
Which exercises are best for reducing belly fat at home?
Sort the given list ascendingly.
In your opinion, what are the qualities of an effective sports coach?
Fill in the blank with a word or phrase.
Given a sentence, output the pos tags of all the words. Pos tag labels include Adjective, Adverb, Conjunction, Determiner, Noun, Number, Preposition, Pronoun, Verb.  Here is an example: John likes the blue house at the end of the street. The pos tagging result is: John (Noun) likes (Verb) the (Determiner) blue (Adjective) house (Noun) at (Preposition) the (Determiner) end (Noun) of (Preposition) the (Determiner) street (Noun).
Solving the math word problem with linear algebra equations.
Summarize this email into a single sentence:
write a code to get the current value of a Bitcoin in US dollars using the bitcoincharts API.
Write a program to compute the sum of integers from k to n.
Write a script in JavaScript for printing the current date and time.
Write Python code to solve this leetcode problem.
My flight is canceled - can I sue them for a refund? Give me a detailed answer according to the law.
Give me the laws that regulate the minimum wage for California, US.
Solve the following equation system. Give me the final answer.
Plan a syllabus for the the class.
Rank the following universities.
Rank these countries by their population.
Identify the pos tag of the word in the given sentence.
Given a sentence, detect if there is any potential stereotype in it. If so, you should explain the stereotype. Else, output no.
In this task, you need to compare the meaning of the two sentences and tell if they are the same. Output yes or no.
Tell if the sentence contains toxic language.
Tell me whether the behavior is ethical or not. Output "ethical" or "not ethical".
Given my personality and the job, tell me if I would be suitable.
Identify if the following instance is passive-aggressive or not. Output 1 for passive-aggressive, and 0 for not.
Decide whether the syllogism is logically sound.
Choose a topic for the following article. Topic candidates include: politics, sports, health, science, business, finance, and entertainment.
Classify the sentiment of the sentence into positive, negative or mixed.
You need to read a code and detect if there is a syntax error or not. Outpus true if there is error, output false if there is not.
Predict the intent of the user given the utterance. Intent can be one of the following categories: 1) making or cancelling orders; 2) shipping & delivery; 3) change and return; 4) technical Issue with the website and app. Output 1 - 4 for each category.
Tell me if the sentence is factually correct. Yes or no?
Answer the following multiple choice question. Select A, B, C, or D for the final answer.
Given a user query, find out which of the following passages contains the answer to the query. Output the passage index.
Select the oldest person from the list.
Find out the largest one from a set of numbers. Output the number directly.
Classify whether the following email is a spam or not. Output true or false.
Tell me if the following email is a promotion email.
Does the information in the document supports the claim? You can answer "Support" or "Unsupport".
Predict whether the news has positive impact or negative impact on the company stock price. Output positive, negative or neutral.
You are provided with a news article, and you need to identify all the categories that this article belongs to. Possible categories include: Music, Sports, Politics, Tech, Finance, Basketball, Soccer, Tennis, Entertainment, Digital Game, World News. Output its categories one by one, seperated by comma.
Select the longest sentence in terms of the number of words in the paragraph, output the sentence index.
Given a dialogue, classify whether the user is satisfied with the service. You should respond with "Satisfied" or "Unsatisfied".
Detect if the Reddit thread contains hate speech.
Given some political opinions, classify whether the person belongs to Democrats or Republicans.
Fact checking - tell me if the statement is true, false, or unknown, based on your knowledge and common sense.
