What can I eat breakfast does not contain eggs, but contains protein, about 700 to 1000 calories?
What is the relationship between these couples?
Create a word description for each of the following.
describe a certain situation, in a certain case, a certain type may hurt you.
Create a suitable subjective title for the following emails:
How do you answer this question in a job interview?
Brainstorm lists possible new year resolutions.
Explain to me the characters below and try to give me some examples.
创建一个haiku  use the following words:
I recommend watching a movie in the weekend and explain why.
Recommend some games, can be played by a group of people.
Make a menu for healthy food.
Explain human behavior.
Depending on the phrase the output depends on the line, each line format is (current word -> its headword).
Use the facts provided, write a question answer.
To let the couples have the same similarity, write the fourth word.
Consider the description of the symptoms, identify possible diseases, and recommend some medications.
Create a birthday plan check list.
Reply to email, refuse the invitation.
In your opinion, how will you explain the topic with the relationship of people without background?
You need to write a creative opening scene a horror film.
Create a fun mathematical issue for children.
Considering a number set, find all possible subset to calculate to a number.
Please give me the recipe below.
Planning a weekly lunch menu to a school write a main meal, a carbohydrate side meal, a vegetable side meal, and dessert for every day.
Find the least four perfect numbers.
Link all entities in the sentence to a Wikipedia page. for each entity, you should exit the Wikipedia page title, or exit no, if you don’t know.
Are you smarter than most red heads?
In this function add comments, making the code easier for humans to read.
Considering the facts, make them a consistent and fascinating story.
Make a list of meals with soft textiles.
It is recommended to complete the Python code below.
Considering the name of a practice, explain how to do this.
Create an investigation on eating and cooking habits.
I and my girlfriend split, I feel so sad, can you give me some advice?
Solve the equation and find the value of X show your steps.
Write the symbols of the religion offered by the representative.
Use the comment as a guide, replace the “all” comment in the code with the correct code.
Let’s talk about the synthesis of this word.
In paragraphs draw the names of all countries, and list them by commas separate.
I’m planning a 7-day trip to Seattle, can you give me a detailed plan?
Create regular expressions based on descriptions.
Tell me, if the phrase is grammatical, if so, the output is yes, otherwise, correct grammatical errors.
Find errors in the sentence, and give me the right mistakes.
Add things to the list.
To answer the mathematical questions below, you should write the logical steps.
In the workplace write an example of an immoral behavior, and explain why it is immoral.
Write a fact-based dialogue.
Answer the next question.
There is a form that can describe my situation.
Divide natural language queries into SQL queries that can be executed on the table.
In this task, you get a phrase and a word or phrase from a phrase, you need to propose a better word or phrase to replace it, without changing the original meaning.
Proposed a fast pre-run heating habit, briefly explaining each action.
Considering a sentence and a number, return a number in a sentence to the position of the corresponding word, each word is white space separate, the position index starts from 1.
Explain the social type of the next profession.
Give me a joke about the doctor, try to make a long joke.
Write some Harry Potter series stories.
Write a phrase and end with the word “publish”.
Convert the next measurement.
Write a story, containing words in four sentences.
Give me the definition of this word.
In the html document filling <mask> 字符串, you should consider html tag, your output should be complete html document.
Summary of the document below, a few points of the ball.
Write a joke about the bananas.
Based on the information provided, complete a sentence of the paper summary.
Write some meaning of food and beverage.
To replace the <mask> logo in the text with the right word that is consistent with the background, you can use several words for each <mask> logo.
Find toxic words or sentences in the sentence.
Create an answer, based on previous chat history.
Create a correct Python program to meet the following purposes:
As a newly recruited sports coach, what are your plans for 30 days before work?
Write the recipe of the ingredients I offer.
Write a Python function, from big to small class list.
Is part-time work a good idea for teenagers aged 15 to 19?
Write cover letter, based on the facts provided.
Create the title of the paper, provide the description or abstract of its content.
Create a new ice cream smell.
Use anti-type to complete the phrase.
Replace the names of all persons in this verse with “anonymous”.
Complete the text.
Write a question list to start the conversation.
A list of things you do in a city.
Show the end of the film.
Read the paragraphs below, answer the mathematical questions about the paragraphs, you need to write the calculations to get the final answer.
Ask a question and a fun answer as a joke.
All local names shall be extracted from the paragraphs; different locations shall be separated by half-country.
In accordance with the provisions, the paragraph is completed.
Suppose you are doing an interview with Amazon, write the answers to behavioral questions.
Question: In which year is Yao Ming retired?
You are awarded a product feature list, you need to create its description.
Give me a phrase that can be used to express my pleasure.
Create a monthly budget, one person at that place.
Check the statement is true or false, based on fact knowledge, it is false, explains why.
Tell me a father's joke, there are three sentences, each containing at least one punishment.
Identify prejudice or kind of fixation at a specific time.
Tell me why natural phenomena occur.
We have some structured data about a topic writing a text that sounds very smooth, and accurately communicating all information.
Write the following sentence to be more professional.
All information should not be changed or deleted, but you can change phrase structure or dictionary.
Give a detailed description of a method of the brain shaking a paper.
To dissolve the job offer by sending an e-mail to the recruiters.
Translate this phrase into any Arabic letter, and say what it is: “Beauty is not yet born.”
Is there any science that can explain?
The answer is like me 5.
Tell me why this joke doesn’t make a joke.
Give me an example, when you have to use your sense of humor.
In FEN Notation design a satellite puzzle.
Give some examples of a country’s national meals.
Substitute the position holder in this article to the appropriate name entity.
To solve the mathematical problem, it takes a medium step.
Convert to 85 F to Celsius.
How to explain color to a born blind?
Write an interesting interview question, why do you choose this question?
Use a positive type to complete a sentence.
Verify whether there is a gender-based and non-included expression in the sentence; if there is, suggest an alternative; otherwise, the output “this prejudice is not detected”.
Please give me this person’s address.
Try to find a creative way, keep motivation during exercise.
Translate the English phrase into Chinese.
How do individuals and organizations reduce unconscious prejudices?
Extend the following articles to the article.
Return the SSN number.
Create a detailed budget given assumption travel.
Analyze the following sentence to determine prejudice.
Considering a daily item, make up some sounds like a Foxy talk referring to this item.
Write a comment a mixer raises a safety question, because a sheet is broken.
Considering two cocktail ingredients, write one with their cocktail recipes, you can add more ingredients.
Considering a sentence is supposed, convert it into a sentence, hide or introduce uncertainty.
What can you do to reduce stress?
Create the continent and population of the following countries, and organize production as a table.
Write a recommendation letter, according to the student’s achievements.
To prove your moral integrity, explain how you solve the moral problem.
What exercises are best to lose weight at home?
Press the following list.
What do you think is the quality of an effective sports coach?
Fill white with a word or phrase.
邮标签 tags include Adjective, Adverb, Conjunction, Determiner, Noun, Number, Preposition, Pronoun, Verb. 这里 is an example: 约翰喜欢街道的结尾的蓝色房子. 邮标签 result is: 约翰(Noun)喜欢(Verb)的(Determiner)蓝色(Adjective)房子(Noun)在(Preposition)的(Determiner)结尾(Noun)的(Preposition)的(Determiner)街(Noun).
Solving mathematical word problems and linear algorithmic equations.
Summarize this email into a single sentence:
Write a code to get the current value of Bitcoin in the US dollar, using the Bitcoin Graph API.
Write a program to calculate the whole number from k to n.
In JavaScript, write a script to print the current date and time.
Write Python code to solve this problem.
My flight was cancelled - can I claim a refund from them? according to the law, give me a detailed answer.
Please allow me to regulate the law of the minimum wage in California.
Solve the next equation system, give me the final answer.
Planning a course for a classroom.
List the following universities.
These countries are classified according to their population.
Identify the character labels in the phrase.
Considering a sentence, to detect whether there is any potential class solid in it, if so, you should explain class solid.
In this task, you need to compare the meaning of two words and explain whether they are the same.
Tell you if the phrase contains toxic language.
Tell me whether the behavior is moral or immoral, the result is “moral” or “ immoral”.
Considering my personality and work, tell me if I am suitable.
Determine whether the next example is passive aggressive, resulting at 1 is passive aggressive, resulting at 0 is no.
Decide whether there is a logical sound.
Theme candidates include: politics, sport, health, science, business, finance, entertainment.
Divide the feeling of the phrase into positive, negative or mixed.
You need to read a code and detect whether there is a synthetic error or not.
The intention can be one of the following categories: 1) send or cancel orders; 2) transport and delivery; 3) change and return; 4) technical issues and website and application results 1 - 4 each category.
Tell me, is this phrase actually right? yes or no?
Answer several of the following choice questions Select A, B, C or D to get the final answer.
Considering the user query, understand which of the following paragraphs contains the answer to the query.
Select the oldest person from the list.
From a set of numbers find one of the greatest, direct output numbers.
The e-mail below is spam or not.
Tell me if the email below is a promotional email.
You can answer “support” or “not support”.
Forecast whether news has a positive or negative impact on the company’s stock price Results are positive, negative or neutral.
You provide news articles, you need to identify all categories to which this article belong. possible categories include: music, sport, politics, technology, finance, basketball, football, tennis, entertainment, digital games, world news.
In paragraphs select the longest sentence, exit the sentence index.
Depending on the dialogue, whether the user is satisfied with the service, you should respond with "satisfied" or "not satisfied".
Check if the Reddit band contains hate speech.
According to certain political points of view, it is classified whether this person belongs to Democrats or Republicans.
Facts check - tell me if the statement is true, false, or unknown, based on your knowledge and common meaning.
